Hail salve everyone cool here dome
And good folks more a Rabbinate.
constrution but this is not any
episode so much that you will see there
I did not even list this episode because
You are watching this video is short and
it is just to ask for a help to you the
which is this time not the competition or anything
I did not ask you to get anything
What do I want from you guys?
I just want some tips.
than to build because for me already
it's getting kind of confusing what to do
I've done a lot of things in here.
cool and I wanted you to leave
reviews there is no in the comments
so you see a someone there left a
nice comment you speak for good
idea you go there and gives a jewel in
comment from this guy so I can
know that you are sharing the
same idea and so I'm going there
Your opinions I'll take and
write everything down in some notepad
Something here and I'm trying to follow
in next episodes beauty guys
You remember that I said I was going to do it.
here is the room of enchantment that is already
sure I will not do it now because I
I wanted first to launch this video here
to bring the most complete episode to
You, how I rarely bring this
series I wanted to bring a series of
30 minutes 25 to 30 minutes each
episode why i want to know of
Pretty thing here for me to build.
so that I can bring an episode
very complete for you
so people that's it hope
Do not you get mad because for me
have released a video just by saying this is
because you really need
remembering does not have to be just something to do
Back there is how to do things here.
Also in here maybe I need
ideas face by a creative block
Here and I need you.
clarinha these ideas there for me I know
That you have 10 cool ones and I know that
You really like this series too.
even being a short video I still ask
What are you like and a favorite?
in this video wants to your friends
See there in your child that you liked
who knows, they also give a
idea of ​​what to build
and especially do not forget to comment
because your comment is very
important and I'm going to read there tips from
what to do
personal beauty then this
and take advantage of this space
comments you have to interact
With me, I'm going to look at beauty.
A big hug to you guys, good.
Week for everyone, right now.
Ensure a good week and that's okay.